docs: improve getting started experience (#4222)
elastic/apm-server: docs/tab-widgets/install-agents.asciidoc

  class MySinatraApp < Sinatra::Base
    use ElasticAPM::Middleware

    # ...
  end

  ElasticAPM.start(
    app: MySinatraApp, # required
    config_file: '' # optional, defaults to config/elastic_apm.yml
  )

  run MySinatraApp

  at_exit { ElasticAPM.stop }
----
+
*Create a config file*
+
Create a config file config/elastic_apm.yml:
+
[source,ruby]
----
# config/elastic_apm.yml:

# Set service name - allowed characters: a-z, A-Z, 0-9, -, _ and space
# Defaults to the name of your Rack app's class.
service_name: 'my-service'

# Use if APM Server requires a token
secret_token: ''

# Set custom APM Server URL (default: http://localhost:8200)
server_url: 'http://localhost:8200'
----

*Learn more in the agent reference*

* {apm-ruby-ref-v}/supported-technologies.html[Supported technologies]
* {apm-ruby-ref-v}/configuration.html[Advanced configuration]

// end::ruby[]

// ***************************************************
// ***************************************************

// tag::rum[]
*Enable Real User Monitoring support in APM Server*

APM Server disables RUM support by default.
To enable it, set `apm-server.rum.enabled: true` in your APM Server configuration file.

> 

Author: ```suggestion

With RUM support enabled, you can now set up the RUM Agent.
There are two ways to do this: add the agent as a dependency,
or set it up with `<script>` tags.

```

*Set up the Agent as a dependency*

You can install the Agent as a dependency to your application with `npm install @elastic/apm-rum --save`.

The Agent can then be initialized and configured in your application like this:

[source,js]
----
import { init as initApm } from '@elastic/apm-rum'
var apm = initApm({

  // Set required service name (allowed characters: a-z, A-Z, 0-9, -, _, and space)
  serviceName: 'your-app-name',

  // Set custom APM Server URL (default: http://localhost:8200)
  serverUrl: '',

  // Set service version (required for source map feature)
  serviceVersion: ''
})
----

Framework integrations, like React or Angular, have custom dependencies.
See {apm-rum-ref-v}/framework-integrations.html[framework integrations] for more information.

> *Set up the Agent with Script Tags*

Author: ```suggestion
*Set up the Agent with `<script>` tags*
```

// ***************************************************

// tag::java[]

*Download the APM agent*

Download the agent jar from http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Ca%3Aelastic-apm-agent[Maven Central].
Do not add the agent as a dependency to your application.

*Start your application with the javaagent flag*

Add the `-javaagent` flag and configure the agent with system properties.

* Set required service name
* Set custom APM Server URL (default: http://localhost:8200)
* Set the base package of your application

[source,java]
----
java -javaagent:/path/to/elastic-apm-agent-<version>.jar \
     -Delastic.apm.service_name=my-application \
     -Delastic.apm.server_urls=http://localhost:8200 \
     -Delastic.apm.secret_token= \
     -Delastic.apm.application_packages=org.example \
     -jar my-application.jar
----

*Learn more in the agent reference*

* {apm-java-ref-v}/supported-technologies-details.html[Supported technologies]
* {apm-java-ref-v}/configuration.html[Advanced configuration]
// end::java[]

// ***************************************************
// ***************************************************

// tag::net[]
*Download the APM agent*

> Add the the agent package(s) from https://www.nuget.org/packages?q=Elastic.apm[NuGet] to your .NET application.

Reviewer: Parens make content harder to read. It's OK to use plural to mean one or more. If you mean only one, use singular.

In case you only want to use the public Agent API for manual instrumentation use the
https://www.nuget.org/packages/Elastic.Apm[Elastic.Apm] package.

*Add the agent to the application*

In case of ASP.NET Core with the `Elastic.Apm.NetCoreAll` package,
call the `UseAllElasticApm` method in the `Configure` method within the `Startup.cs` file.

[source,dotnet]
----
public class Startup
{
  public void Configure(IApplicationBuilder app, IHostingEnvironment env)
  {
    app.UseAllElasticApm(Configuration);
    //…rest of the method
  }
  //…rest of the class
}
----

Passing an `IConfiguration` instance is optional and by doing so,
the agent will read config settings through this `IConfiguration` instance (e.g. from the `appsettings.json` file).

*Sample appsettings.json*

[source,json]
----
{
    "ElasticApm": {
    "SecretToken": "",
    "ServerUrls": "http://localhost:8200", //Set custom APM Server URL (default: http://localhost:8200)
    "ServiceName" : "MyApp", //allowed characters: a-z, A-Z, 0-9, -, _, and space. Default is the entry assembly of the application
  }
}
----

> In case you don’t pass an `IConfiguration` instance to the agent (e.g. in case of non ASP.NET Core applications)

Author: It's a fine line. Let me look into it.

> In case you don’t pass an `IConfiguration` instance to the agent (e.g. in case of non ASP.NET Core applications)
> you can also configure the agent through environment variables.

Author: ```suggestion
If you don’t pass an `IConfiguration` instance to the agent, for example, in a non-ASP.NET Core application,
you can configure the agent with environment variables.
```

from elasticapm.contrib.flask import ElasticAPM
app.config['ELASTIC_APM'] = {
  # Set required service name. Allowed characters:
  # a-z, A-Z, 0-9, -, _, and space
  'SERVICE_NAME': '',

  # Use if APM Server requires a token
  'SECRET_TOKEN': '',

  # Set custom APM Server URL (default: http://localhost:8200)
  'SERVER_URL': '',
}

apm = ElasticAPM(app)
----

*Learn more in the agent reference*

* {apm-py-ref-v}/supported-technologies.html[Supported technologies]
* {apm-py-ref-v}/configuration.html[Advanced configuration]

// end::python[]

// tag::ruby[]
*Install the APM agent*

Add the agent to your Gemfile.

[source,ruby]
----
gem 'elastic-apm'
----
+
*Configure the Agent*

Ruby on Rails::
+
APM is automatically started when your app boots.
Configure the agent by creating the config file `config/elastic_apm.yml`:
+
[source,ruby]
----
# config/elastic_apm.yml:

# Set service name - allowed characters: a-z, A-Z, 0-9, -, _ and space
# Defaults to the name of your Rails app
service_name: 'my-service'

# Use if APM Server requires a token
secret_token: ''

# Set custom APM Server URL (default: http://localhost:8200)
server_url: 'http://localhost:8200'
----

Rack::
+

> For Rack or a compatible framework (e.g. Sinatra), include the middleware in your app and start the agent.

Author: I agree. The Agent instructions were copied from Kibana and I never proofed them 😬

> For Rack or a compatible framework (e.g. Sinatra), include the middleware in your app and start the agent.

Author: ```suggestion
For Rack or a compatible framework, like Sinatra, include the middleware in your app and start the agent.
```

    use ElasticAPM::Middleware

    # ...
  end

  ElasticAPM.start(
    app: MySinatraApp, # required
    config_file: '' # optional, defaults to config/elastic_apm.yml
  )

  run MySinatraApp

  at_exit { ElasticAPM.stop }
----
+
*Create a config file*
+
Create a config file config/elastic_apm.yml:
+
[source,ruby]
----
# config/elastic_apm.yml:

# Set service name - allowed characters: a-z, A-Z, 0-9, -, _ and space
# Defaults to the name of your Rack app's class.
service_name: 'my-service'

# Use if APM Server requires a token
secret_token: ''

# Set custom APM Server URL (default: http://localhost:8200)
server_url: 'http://localhost:8200'
----

*Learn more in the agent reference*

* {apm-ruby-ref-v}/supported-technologies.html[Supported technologies]
* {apm-ruby-ref-v}/configuration.html[Advanced configuration]

// end::ruby[]

// ***************************************************
// ***************************************************

// tag::rum[]
*Enable Real User Monitoring support in APM Server*

APM Server disables RUM support by default.
To enable it, set `apm-server.rum.enabled: true` in your APM Server configuration file.

*Set up the Agent as a dependency*

> You can install the Agent as a dependency to your application with `npm install @elastic/apm-rum --save`.

Reviewer: I've noticed a little inconsistency across these tabs wrt how you refer to the agent. Sometimes you say APM agent, sometimes agent (lowercase), and sometimes Agent uppercase. It's kind of minor but might be worth fixing in this PR.

Author: 👍

The Agent can then be initialized and configured in your application like this:

[source,js]
----
import { init as initApm } from '@elastic/apm-rum'
var apm = initApm({

  // Set required service name (allowed characters: a-z, A-Z, 0-9, -, _, and space)
  serviceName: 'your-app-name',

  // Set custom APM Server URL (default: http://localhost:8200)
  serverUrl: '',

  // Set service version (required for source map feature)
  serviceVersion: ''
})
----

Framework integrations, like React or Angular, have custom dependencies.
See {apm-rum-ref-v}/framework-integrations.html[framework integrations] for more information.

> *Set up the Agent with Script Tags*

Reviewer: Does "Script Tags" need to be capitalized?

Reviewer: So it sounds like the user has two options: set up the agent as a dependency or use script tags? If possible, I'd make that more obvious so users know up front that there are different ways to do this.

Author: 👍

> Alternatively, you can use Script tags to set up and configure the Agent.

Reviewer: same

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use `<script>` tags to set up and configure the Agent.
```

> // tag::go[]

Reviewer 2: Given relative language popularity: would it be sensible (and possible) to retain alphabetical ordering, but make the Java agent the initially active tab?

Author: An interesting idea! Let me play around with it.

Author: I like it. Done. 🙇
